ah Cartoon Network a staple of pure
cartooning as we know it I grew up with
this powerhouse as a kid and to tell you
the truth I watched this network most of
all on my childhood but something's
happening to it that I simply cannot
fathom this network is sloping down a
horrible downturn leading to a maelstrom
generated by Nickelodeon Disney and
other washed-up companies
Cartoon Network is falling down the
tubes and Cartoon Network's entrance
into a new era of cartooning really
dismantled its powerhouse status but hey
I'm Justin
so anyway
why was Cartoon Network so awesome here
are the good points first when cartoon
when the network was conceived in 1992
it ran in reruns of hanna-barbera
cartoons Looney Tunes cartoons Tom and
Jerry cartoons from MGM and other
classic Warner Brothers cartoons the
network produced an anthology series in
which it was aired these cartoons in an
organized format known as the what a
cartoon show it would be the inspiration
for the oyeah cartoons from Nickelodeon
spearheaded by John Kricfalusi
and Fred Seibert the result of this
anthology new cartoons some of these new
cartoons became spin-offs into their own
shows such as Dexter's Lab Johnny Bravo
Callen Chicken their sister I am Ruiz al
the Powerpuff Girls Courage the Cowardly
Dog and Mike Lewin AAG these would be
the staple of Cartoon Network and the
reason I won Washington no end by 2004
Cartoon Network went was in the tubes
here are the bad points first they
decided to relaunch the network with a
new identity and a new format which
meant a gray so such as Samurai Jack
Powerpuff Girls in Dexter's Lab were one
by one removed from the daily
programming some originals were featured
in the cartoon cartoons block but most
were removed completely from the book
from the network boomerang exists to
showcases our cartoons but why Cartoon
Network decided to never air the shows
again is a reason I cannot grasp these
cartoons were the reason Cartoon Network
became so popular but because they want
to attract a larger demographic while
ignoring their roots they decided to
remove the originals to make way for the
spectacular failures known as the new CN
lineup nonsense just as the grim
adventures of Billy & Mandy turned me
away from CN because I felt that the
cartoon was merely collage of reused
body excretion jokes and retarded
behavior
another thing CN is now imported from
Canada it would be nice if some of the
cartoons were actually good and not just
30 minutes worth of inferior plot
development crap such as George of the
jungle was created because they ran out
of ideas since a movie was already
created on the concept almost five years
ago and this was stolen from Tarzan
since it schematics are nearly the same
other maggot-infested tripes en minutes
to broadcast was total drama island
since a satire of the list reality shows
I applaud the creators for the idea but
again I the characters are reduced to
body humor jokes and reality show
anachronisms which I hate Ben 10 I
really did not give a
because I never was interested in that
stuff and the stupid animated
transformers giving me a swift pain
faster than Kevin Costner's bad acting
and here's a nice little bonus to add to
Cartoon Network's Drive dive into the
Maelstrom Toonami who hasn't heard of
tsunami back in the 90s he made Cartoon
Network a genuine powerhouse with her
airing of DBZ Cowboy Bebop
uu hakusho and a bunch of other classic
enemies but by 2006 Cartoon Network
stripped the awesome Toonami backstory
the reticence of Tom and added a stupid
one dimensionalized form of Tom the
completely counteracts the true identity
of Toonami
I guess it was part of CNN's new
identity but what the relaunching of
Toonami spelled the beginning of the end
for it
seeing how Toonami was reduced to
saturday blocks in the end I came near
an only one of the 150 Naruto fillers
every weekend Cartoon Network erased it
in September 2008 leaving Adult Swim in
charge of anime this is fine and dandy
considering if you wish to stay up till
4:00 in the morning don't watch it and
later find out they only run Inuyasha
reruns nowadays Cartoon Network is a
hair-splitting waste of time consisting
of half-ass blocks and just as
half-assed cartoons to showcase 24/7
I was disenchanted by the cien around
2002 since I started to lose interest in
the cartoons they are showing but CNN is
displaying something known as the
identity lost syndrome in which a
franchise suddenly forgets their roots
and moves on to target demographics that
no one really gives two craps about
kinda reminds me of another franchise I
will demolish later that was Cartoon
Network and that was my generation